Update docs on mounts (#3696)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/platform/src/create-apps/app-reference.md

## Mounts

After your app is built, its file system is read-only.
You need to use Git as the principal way to make changes to your app.

> However, you may not want to rebuild and redeploy your app every time you need to make a small change to it.

Reviewer: It's not actually about making changes to the application. This must go through Git.
It's about writing files generated by the application (uploaded files, writing cache, writing logs, etc)

> For enhanced flexibility, {{% vendor/name %}} allows you to define and use writable directories called mounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For enhanced flexibility, {{% vendor/name %}} allows you to define and use writable directories called "mounts".
```

## Mounts

After your app is built, its file system is read-only.
To make changes to your app's code, you need to use Git.

For enhanced flexibility, {{% vendor/name %}} allows you to define and use writable directories called "mounts".
Mounts give you write access to files generated by your app (such as cache and log files)

> and [uploaded files](/development/file-transfer.md#transfer-files-using-the-cli) without going through Git.

Author: ```suggestion
and uploaded files without going through Git.
```

When you define a mount, you are mounting an external directory to your app container,

> much like you would plug a hard drive into your computer to [transfer data](/development/file-transfer.md#transfer-files-using-the-cli).

Author: ```suggestion
much like you would plug a hard drive into your computer to transfer data.
```

| Name          | Type                 | Required | Description |
| ------------- | -------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `source`      | `local`, `service`, or `tmp` | Yes      | Specifies the mount type. Set to: </br> - `local` so your mount is unique to the app (requires `disk` to be set for the app).</br> - `service` so your [Network Storage](/add-services/network-storage.md) mount can be shared between several apps.</br> - `tmp` to mount a directory within the `/tmp` directory of your app. `tmp` mounts are **local ephemeral mounts**; their content may be removed during infrastructure maintenance operations. They allow you to **store files that you're not afraid to lose**, such as your application cache that can be seamlessly rebuilt.</br>Note that the `/tmp` directory has a [maximum allocation of 8 GB](/create-apps/troubleshoot-disks.md#no-space-left-on-device). |

> | `source_path` | `string`             | No      | The subdirectory within the mounted disk (the source) where the mount should point.</br> If you don't define a `source_path`, or if an empty string is passed, the mount will point to [the entire {{< variable "DIRECTORY" >}}](#mounts). |

Reviewer: We need to also add an important warning because if a user changes the mount name while `source_path` was ignored, then the mount will be empty since the `source_path` will be changed accordingly with the new mount name, thus pointing a new empty shared directory.
The data won't be lost though. To ensure continuity, the user must specify the `source_path` in this case.

Example: I define a mount on `/var/storage`, then rename it to `/foo`. In order to still get access to my files, I need to define the `source_path` to `var/storage`.

Before:
```yaml
    mounts:
      "/var/storage":
        source: storage
```

After:
```yaml
    mounts:
      "/foo":
        source: storage
        source_path: var/storage
```

Note that the `source_path` is identical to the previous mount name, without the leading `/` (and potentially the trailing one if it's present)

```
{{% /version/specific %}}

The accessibility to the web of a mounted directory depends on the [`web.locations` configuration](#web).
Files can be all public, all private, or with different rules for different paths and file types.

Note that when you back up an environment,
the mounts on that environment are backed up too.

Also, mounted directories aren't deleted when they're removed from `{{< vendor/configfile "app" >}}`.
The files still exist on disk until manually removed.

> Or, for `tmp` mounts, **until the app container is moved to another host during a maintenance operation.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, for `tmp` mounts, **until the app container is moved to another host during a maintenance operation**.
```

{{% version/only "2" %}}

> ### Data sharing through mounts

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of the title. I don't suggest anything here since I don't have a proper idea.

> By default, [`storage` mounts](#mounts) can be shared **between different instances of the same app**,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By design, [`storage` mounts](#mounts) are shared **between different instances of the same app**,
```
This is actually the case 100% of the time, so adjusting the sentence :)

which enables [horizontal scaling](/manage-resources/_index.md).

In a [multi-application context](/create-apps/multi-app/_index.md),
you can even share a `storage` mount **between different applications** in the same project.

For example, say you have a `backend` app and a `frontend` app.
You want both apps to share data from the same mount.</br>
Use the following configuration:

```yaml {configFile="app"}
# Define a storage mount in your backend app's configuration.

> backend:

Reviewer: I think we should add the `applications` key on top, to avoid confusion

  mounts:
    # The directory in the app container where you want your mount to be (mount path).
    var/uploads:
      # The mount type.
      source: storage
      # The subdirectory within the mounted disk (the source) where the mount points.
      source_path: backend/uploads

# Give your frontend app access to the mount defined in your backend app's configuration.
frontend:
  mounts:
    # The directory in the app container where you want your mount to be (mount path).
    web/uploads:
      # The mount type.
      source: storage
      # Grants access to the backend app's mount. 
      service: backend
      # The remote source_path in the backend app's mount to enable data sharing.
      source_path: backend/uploads
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we should write one or two sentences explaining what the snippet does. It might not be totally self-explanatory

                source_path: uploads
            '/.tmp_platformsh':
                source: tmp

>                 source_path: files/.tmp_platformsh

Author: ```suggestion
                source_path: files/tmp_platformsh
```

```
{{% /version/specific %}}

### Ensure continuity when changing the name of your mount

Changing the name of your mount affects the default `source_path`.

Say you have a `/web/uploads/` mount with an undefined `source_path`:

```yaml {configFile="app"}
mounts:
    '/web/uploads/':
        source: local
```

 If you rename the mount to `/my/uploads/`, it will point to a new, empty `/my/uploads/` directory.
 
 To ensure continuity, you need to explicitly define the `source_path` as the previous name of the mount, without leading or trailing slashes:
 
 ```yaml {configFile="app"}
mounts:
    '/my/uploads/':
        source: local
        source_path: web/uploads
```
 

> The `/my/uploads/` mount will point to the original `/web/uploads/` directory, maintaining access to all your existing files in that directory.

Reviewer: Is this chunk for PSH only, or also for Upsun?
Asking because I don't see the `<!-- Platform.sh -->` tag, and it mentions `local` mount which doesn't exist on Upsun.

Author: My bad, changed it to the `tmp` type since it's supported by both products.

{{% version/only "2" %}}

### Share a mount between several apps

> By design, [`storage` mounts](#mounts) are shared **between different instances of the same app**,

Reviewer: Same question as above, as `storage` mounts are only available on Upsun (and thus so are shared mounts using the mechanism described here)

Author: This one has a {{% version/only "2" %}} shortcode applied to it so it's only shown in the Upsun output (version 1 = PSH, version 2 = Upsun). But yeah it can be confusing, and those two pieces of feedback from you only confirm to me that the separation must be clearer, so there can be no confusion and we get what's intended in prod.
